# FULLSCREEN PRIVACY POLICY

We at Fullscreen, Inc. (”Company,” ”We,” ”Us,” ”Our”) know that our
users (”You,” ”Your”) care about how your personal information is used
and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the
following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By visiting or using
the Website or Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept
the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you
hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in
the following ways. Any capitalized terms used herein without definition
shall have the meaning given to them in the Company Terms of Use.

#### What This Privacy Policy Covers

This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable
information (“Personal Information”) that we gather when you are
accessing or using our Services. This policy does not apply to the
practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals
that we do not employ or manage. We do not knowingly collect or solicit
personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow
such persons to register for the Services (as that term is defined in
our Terms of Use). If you are under 13, please do not attempt to
register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us,
including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one
under age 13 may provide any personal information to us or on the
Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal
information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental
consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you
believe that we might have any information from or about a child under
13, please contact us at policy@fullscreen.net.

We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as
explained more fully below. We may use this Personal Information to
personalize and improve our services, to allow our users to set up a
user account and profile, to contact users, to fulfill your requests for
certain products and services, to analyze how users utilize the
Services, and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may
share certain types of Personal Information with third parties, as
described below.

#### What Information We Collect

**Information You Provide to Us:** We receive and store any information
you knowingly provide to us. For example, we collect Personal
Information such as your name, email address, phone number, browser
information, and third-party account credentials (for example, your
log-in credentials for YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, or other third party
sites). If you provide your third-party account credentials to us, you
understand some content and/or information in those accounts (“Third
Party Account Information”) may be transmitted into your account with us
if you authorize such transmissions (such as described under the “Social
Media Services” section of this Privacy Policy), and that Third Party
Account Information transmitted to our Services is covered by this
Privacy Policy. You can choose not to provide us with certain
information, but then you may not be able to register with us or to take
advantage of some of our features. We may anonymize your Personal
Information so that you cannot be individually identified, and provide
that information to our partners.

If you have provided us with a means of contacting you, we may use such
means to communicate with you. For example, we may send you promotional
offers on behalf of other businesses, or communicate with you about your
use of the Services. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open a
message from us. This confirmation helps us make our communications with
you more interesting and improve our services. If you do not want to
receive communications from us, please indicate your preference in your
Account Settings. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal
notices from us, those legal notices will still govern your use of the
Services, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for
changes.

**Information Collected Automatically:** Whenever you interact with our
Services, we automatically receive and record information on our server
logs from your browser including your IP address, “cookie” information,
and the page you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to
your computer or mobile device that allow us to recognize your browser
or mobile device and tell us how and when pages and features in our
Services are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change
the preferences on your browser or mobile device to prevent or limit
your computer or device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent
you from taking advantage of some of our features. Our advertising
partners may also transmit cookies to your computer or device, when you
click on ads that appear on the Services. Also, if you click on a link
to a third party website, such third party may also transmit cookies to
you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third
parties. When we collect usage information (such as the numbers and
frequency of visitors to the Website), we only use this data in
aggregate form, and not in a manner that would identify you personally.
For example, this aggregate data tells us how often users use parts of
the Services, so that we can make the Services appealing to as many
users as possible. We may also provide this aggregate information to our
partners; our partners may use such information to understand how often
and in what ways people use our Services, so that they, too, can provide
you with an optimal experience. We never disclose aggregate information
to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally.

#### With Whom Your Information Is Shared

We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information in personally
identifiable form to anyone. However, we do share your Personal
Information with third parties as described in the “What Information We
Collect” section above and in this Section:

**Advertisers:** We allow advertisers and/or merchant partners
(“Advertisers”) to choose the demographic information of users who will
see their advertisements and/or promotional offers and you agree that we
may provide any of the information we have collected from you in
non-personally identifiable form to an Advertiser, in order for that
Advertiser to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements
and/or offers. For example, we might use the fact you are located in San
Francisco to show you ads or offers for San Francisco businesses, but we
will not tell such businesses who you are.

We may deliver a file to you through the Services (known as a “web
beacon”) from an ad network. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide
anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for
advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted
advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Because your web
browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad
network’s servers, these companies can view, edit, or set their own
cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.

**Affiliated Businesses and Third Party Websites We Do Not Control:** In
certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated
with may sell items or provide services to you through the Services
(either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated
business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will
share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to
the extent that it is related to such transaction or service. One such
service may include the ability for you to automatically transmit Third
Party Account Information to your Services profile or to automatically
transmit information in your Services profile to your third party
account. We have no control over the policies and practices of third
party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you
choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an
affiliated website or business, please review all such businesses’ or
websites’ policies.

**Agents:** We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our
behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products
or services to you. Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not
have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond
what is necessary to assist us.

**User Profiles and Submissions:** Certain user profile information,
including without limitation a user’s name, location, and any video or
image content that such user has uploaded to the Services, may be
displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the
Services or address your request for Company’s services. Your account
privacy settings allow you to limit the other users who can see the
Personal Information in your user profile and/or what information in
your user profile is visible to others. Any content you upload to your
public user profile, along with any Personal Information or content that
you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view (on
discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, etc.) becomes publicly
available, and can be collected and used by others. Your user name may
also be displayed to other users if and when you send messages or
comments or upload images or videos through the Services and other users
can contact you through messages and comments. Additionally, if you sign
into the Services through a third party social networking site or
service, your list of “friends” from that site or service may be
automatically imported to the Services, and such “friends,” if they are
also registered users of the Services, may be able to access certain
non-public information you have entered in your Services user profile.
Again, we do not control the policies and practices of any other third
party site or service.

**Social Media Services:** To use the Services, you may be required to
log in to certain online third party social media services, such as
Twitter, Facebook, Vine or Instagram ("Social Media Services"). For the
avoidance of doubt, you will provide such login information directly to
the applicable Social Media Services and not to Company. When you log
into the Social Media Services account, in order to enable the Services,
the applicable Social Media Service will provide us with access to
certain information about your use of such Social Media Services (such
as number of subscribers, number of views, etc). In connection with the
Services, Fullscreen may disclose such information to brands who have
access to the Services and who wish to initiate certain paid campaigns
including Influencer Plus. We will use, store and disclose all such
information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and, if and to the
extent applicable, the policies of such Social Media Services.

**Business Transfers:** We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these
types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the
business assets that would be transferred. Also, if we (or our assets)
are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go
through some other change of control, Personal Information would be one
of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.

**Protection of Company and Others:** We reserve the right to access,
read, preserve, and disclose any information that we reasonably believe
is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our
conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property,
or safety of Company, our employees, our users, or others. This includes
exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud
protection and credit risk reduction.

**With Your Consent:** Except as set forth above, you will be notified
when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties in
personally identifiable form, and will be able to prevent the sharing of
this information.

#### The Security of Your Information

Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security.
If you access your account via a third party site or service, you may
have additional or different sign-on protections via that third party
site or service. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account
and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password
and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your
computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished
accessing your account.

We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal
Information we hold in our records, but we cannot guarantee complete
security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and
other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any
time.

The Services may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible
for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When following
a link to another site you should read that site’s privacy policy.

#### What Information You Can Access

Through your Account Settings, you may access, and, in some cases, edit
or delete the following information you’ve provided to us. The
information you can view, update, and delete may change as the Services
change. If you have any questions about viewing or updating information
we have on file about you, please contact us at policy@fullscreen.net.

**California Privacy Rights:** Under California Civil Code Sections
1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a
notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share
with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and
providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties.
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice,
please submit a written request to the following address:

```
Fullscreen, Inc.
9336 Washington Blvd, Building K
Culver City, CA 90232
```

#### What Choices You Have

You can always opt not to disclose information to use, but keep in mind
some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage
of some of our special features.

You may be able to add, update, or delete information as explained in
the “What Information You Can Access” section above. When you update
information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised
information in our records. Please note that some information may remain
in our records after your deletion of such information from your
account. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating
your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a
manner that would identify you personally.

#### Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information
we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time
such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal
Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our
Website or sending you a message. You are bound by any changes to the
Privacy Policy when you use the Services after such changes have been
first posted.

#### Questions or Concerns

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies,
please send us a detailed message, and we will try to resolve your
concerns.



# FULLSCREEN TERMS OF USE

Please read these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy, and our Community
Guidelines (collectively, the “Agreement”) carefully before using
iplus.co (the “Website”) and/or the other domains, products, services
and/or content offered by Fullscreen, Inc. (“Company,” “We,” “Us,” or
“Our”). By using or accessing the Services in any manner, you or the
entity you represent (“You,” or “Your”) agree that you have read and
agree to be bound by and a party to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement to the exclusion of all other terms. If the terms of this
Agreement are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to
such terms. If you do not unconditionally agree to all the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, you have no right to use the Services. Use
of company’s services is expressly conditioned upon your assent to all
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, to the exclusion of all
other terms.

#### 1. Access to the Services

The fullscreen.net, dashboard.fullscreen.net, and iplus.co websites and
domain names and any other linked pages, features, content, or
application services (including without limitation any mobile
application services) offered from time to time by Company in connection
therewith (collectively, the “Website”) are owned and operated by
Company. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Company
may offer to provide certain services, as described more fully on the
Website, and that have been selected by you (together with the Website,
the “Services”), solely for your own use, and not for the use or benefit
of any third party. Services include, without limitation, use of the
Website, any service Company performs for you and the Content (as
defined below) offered by Company on the Website. Company may change,
suspend or discontinue the Services at any time, including the
availability of any feature, database, or Content. Company may also
impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access
to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability. Company
reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify this Agreement at
any time by posting a notice on the Website, or by sending you a notice
via email or postal mail. You shall be responsible for reviewing and
becoming familiar with any such modifications. Your use of the Services
following such notification constitutes your acceptance of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement as modified.

Company does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from
anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register
for the Services. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register
for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including
your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age
13 may provide any personal information to Company or on the Services.
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information
from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we
will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that
we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please
contact us at policy@fullscreen.net.

You represent and warrant to Company that: (i) if you are an individual
(i.e., not a corporation), you are of legal age to form a binding
contract or have your parent’s permission to do so, and you are at least
13 years or age or older; (ii) all registration information you submit
is accurate and truthful; and (iii) you will maintain the accuracy of
such information. You also certify that you are legally permitted to use
and access the Services and take full responsibility for the selection
and use of and access to the Services. This Agreement is void where
prohibited by law, and the right to access the Services is revoked in
such jurisdictions.

#### 2. Website and Services Content

The Website, the Services, and their contents are intended solely for
the use of registered users of the Services and may only be used in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. All materials displayed or
performed on the Services (including, but not limited to text, graphics,
articles, photographs, images, illustrations (also known as the
“Content,” and which includes User Submissions (as defined below)) are
protected by copyright. You shall abide by all copyright notices,
trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content
accessed through the Services, and shall not use, copy, reproduce,
modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform,
upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purposes
whatsoever any Content or third party submissions or other proprietary
rights not owned by you: (i) without the express prior written consent
of the respective owners, and (ii) in any way that violates any third
party right.

The Website and the Services are protected by copyright as collective
works and/or compilations, pursuant to U.S. copyright laws,
international conventions, and other copyright laws. You may not modify,
publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce
(except as expressly provided in this Section 2), create derivative
works based on, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any
of the Content, software, materials, or Services in whole or in part.

You may download or copy the Content (and other items displayed on the
Website or Services for download) for personal non-commercial use only,
provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained in
such Content. You shall not store any significant portion of any Content
in any form. Copying or storing of any Content other than personal,
noncommercial use is expressly prohibited without prior written
permission from Company or from the copyright holder identified in such
Content’s copyright notice. If you link to the Website, Company may
revoke your right to so link at any time, at Company’s sole discretion.
Company reserves the right to require prior written consent before
linking to the Website.

In the course of using the Services, you and other users may provide
information which may be used by Company in connection with the Services
and which may be visible to certain other users. You understand that by
posting information or content on the Website or otherwise providing
content, materials or information to Company or in connection with the
Services (collectively, “User Submissions”), Company hereby is and shall
be granted a non exclusive, worldwide, royalty free, perpetual,
irrevocable, sublicenseable and transferable right to fully exploit such
User Submissions (including all related intellectual property and
proprietary rights) in connection with the Services, the Website, and
Company’s (and its successors’ and assigns’) business, including without
limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Services
(and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any
media channels; however, Company will only share your personally
identifiable information in accordance with the Influencer Plus Privacy
Policy in effect from time to time and located at the Legal page of
iplus.co (https://iplus.co/legal). You also hereby do and shall grant
each user of the Services a non-exclusive license to access your User
Submissions through the Services, and to use, modify, reproduce,
distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User
Submissions as permitted through the functionality of the Services and
under this Agreement. Furthermore, you understand that Company retains
the right to reformat, modify, create derivative works of, excerpt, and
translate any User Submissions submitted by you. For clarity, User
Submissions exclude any of the videos which are or have been uploaded
to your YouTube channel, and the foregoing license grant to Company
does not affect your ownership of or right to grant additional licenses
to the material in your User Submissions, unless otherwise agreed in
writing.

For clarity, the rights granted in this Section include, but are not
limited to, the right: to use your name, image, voice, likeness, and any
photographs or artwork made available by or on your behalf through the
Services in connection with advertising, marketing, or promoting you,
your User Submissions, Company, or the Services; to reproduce
audio-visual content and sound recordings (and make mechanical
reproductions of the musical works embodied in such sound recordings),
publicly perform sound recordings and videos (and the musical works
embodied therein), and publicly display any written content uploaded by
you to the Services, all on a royalty-free basis. This means that you
are granting Company the right to use the User Submissions without the
obligation to pay any royalties to any copyright owner (including,
without limitation, a publisher, record label or studio), any performing
rights organization (a “PRO”, which term includes, without limitation,
ASCAP, BMI and SESAC in the United States, and PRS in the United
Kingdom), any sound recording PRO (including, without limitation,
SoundExchange, Inc.), any unions or guilds (including, without
limitation, the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists
(“AFTRA”), the Screen Actors Guild (“SAG”), the American Federation of
Musicians (“AFM”), or any other engineers, producers or other
participants involved in the creation of User Submissions or any element
thereof.

By uploading User Submissions through the Services you waive any rights
to prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional
materials related to such User Submissions. You further waive any and
all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar
nature in connection with your User Submissions, or any portion thereof,
including, without limitation, your name, likeness, voice, image, and
persona or any advertising or publicity relating thereto. To the extent
any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive
and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support,
maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may
have in or with respect to any User Submissions. You expressly release
Company and all of Company’s agents, partners, subsidiaries, affiliates,
licensees, successors, and assigns from any and all claims, demands,
liabilities, and causes of action, whether now known or unknown, for
defamation, copyright infringement, violation of moral rights, and
invasion of the rights to privacy, publicity, or personality or any
similar matter, or based upon or relating to the use of your User
Submissions. Notwithstanding the preceding sentences of this Section,
you should let us know immediately if you object to any uses of your
User Submissions on or through the Services or in the promotion of the
Services.

If you are not the owner of, or are not fully authorized to grant all
necessary rights in, all of the elements of the User Submissions you
intend to upload or transmit to or through the Services, then you must
not upload the User Submissions to or through the Services. For example,
if you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the
underlying musical works embodied in such sound recordings, then you
must not upload such sound recordings or videos embodying such sound
recordings to or through the Services unless you obtain all necessary
rights, authorizations, and permissions with respect to such embedded
musical works that grant you sufficient rights to comply with this
Agreement. For example, cover songs are not permitted on the Services
unless the artist/band has cleared all rights to the song covered by the
artist/band. 1. Specific Rules for Musical Works: If you are a composer
or author of a musical work and have affiliated with a PRO, then you
must notify your PRO of the royalty-free licenses granted by you to
Company and users of the Services in this Agreement. Each PRO has
different rules with respect to providing notification for a direct
license. You are solely responsible for ensuring your compliance with
the relevant PRO’s reporting obligations. If you have assigned your
rights to a music publisher, then you must obtain the consent of such
music publisher to grant the royalty-free licenses set forth in this
Agreement or have such music publisher enter into this Agreement with
Company. Please keep in mind that authorship of a musical work (e.g.,
writing a song) does not mean that you have the rights necessary to
grant Company and users of the Services the licenses set forth in this
Agreement. 2. Confirmation of Rights: Company reserves the right to
demand confirmation from you in writing of all authorizations, licenses,
permissions, and consents obtained by you (if any) with respect to any
third-party materials embodied in User Submissions. If you fail to
provide Company with such confirmation upon request, we reserve the
right to remove or deny access to any or all of your User Submissions
and to suspend or terminate your account with Company. We will have no
liability to you for any actions taken by us pursuant to this Section.

You understand that all information publicly posted or privately
transmitted through the Services is the sole responsibility of the
person from which such content originated and that Company will not be
liable for any errors or omissions in any content. You understand that
Company cannot guarantee the identity of any other users with whom you
may interact in the course of using the Services. Additionally, Company
cannot guarantee the authenticity of any data which users or merchants
may provide about themselves. You acknowledge that all Content accessed
by you using the Services is at your own risk and you will be solely
responsible for any damage or loss to any party resulting therefrom.

Under no circumstances will Company be liable in any way for any
Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any
Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred in connection with
use of or exposure to any Content posted, emailed, accessed,
transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Services.

You agree that you won’t post Content that violates, or otherwise use
the Services in ways that violate, Fullscreen’s Community Guidelines.
Please review Company’s current Community Guidelines at
http://dashboard.fullscreen.net/community\_guidelines, which is hereby
incorporated by reference; your acceptance of this Agreement constitutes
your acceptance and agreement to be bound by Company’s Community
Guidelines.

#### 3. Restrictions

You warrant, represent and agree that you will not contribute any
Content or otherwise use the Services in a manner that (i) infringes or
violates the intellectual property rights or proprietary rights, rights
of publicity or privacy, or other rights of any third party; (ii)
violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation; (iii) is harmful,
fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious,
defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable; (iv)
involves commercial activities and/or sales without Company’s prior
written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or
pyramid schemes; (v) impersonates any person or entity, including
without limitation any employee or representative of Company; or (vi)
contains a virus, trojan horse, worm, time bomb, or other harmful
computer code, file, or program. Company reserves the right to remove
any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason (including,
but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third
parties or authorities relating to such Content or if Company is
concerned that you may have breached the immediately preceding
sentence), or for no reason at all. You, not Company, remain solely
responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit, or
otherwise disseminate using, or in connection with, the Services, and
you warrant that you possess all rights necessary to provide such
content to Company and to grant Company the rights to use such
information in connection with the Services and as otherwise provided
herein.

You are responsible for all of your activity in connection with the
Services. Any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity may be
grounds for termination of your right to access or use the Services. You
may not post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any
communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain password,
account, or private information from any other user of the Services. Use
of the Services to violate the security of any computer network, crack
passwords or security encryption codes, transfer or store illegal
material (including material that may be considered threatening or
obscene), or engage in any kind of illegal activity is expressly
prohibited. You will not run Maillist, Listserv, any form of
auto-responder, or “spam” on the Services, or any processes that run or
are activated while you are not logged on to the Website, or that
otherwise interfere with the proper working of or place an unreasonable
load on the Services’ infrastructure. Further, the use of manual or
automated software, devices, or other processes to “crawl,” “scrape,” or
“spider” any page of the Website is strictly prohibited. You will not
decompile, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to obtain the source
code of the Services. You will be responsible for withholding, filing,
and reporting all taxes, duties and other governmental assessments
associated with your activity in connection with the Services.

#### 4. Warranty Disclaimer

Company has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You
acknowledge that Company has no control over, and no duty to take any
action regarding: which users gain access to the Services; what Content
you access via the Services; what effects the Content may have on you;
how you may interpret or use the Content; or what actions you may take
as a result of having been exposed to the Content. You release Company
from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content
through the Services. The Services may contain, or direct you to
websites containing, information that some people may find offensive or
inappropriate. Company makes no representations concerning any content
contained in or accessed through the Services, and Company will not be
responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality
or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services.
Company makes no representations or warranties regarding suggestions or
recommendations of services or products offered or purchased through the
Services. THE SERVICES, CONTENT, WEBSITE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OBTAINED
THROUGH THE WEBSITE, AND ANY SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL
BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.

#### 5. Privacy Policy

For information regarding Company’s treatment of personally identifiable
information on iplus.co, please review the Influencer Plus Privacy
Policy at the Legal page of iplus.co (https://iplus.co/legal), which
is hereby incorporated by reference; your acceptance of this Agreement
constitutes your acceptance and agreement to be bound by Company’s
Privacy Policy.

#### 6. Registration and Security

As a condition to using the Services, you will be required to register
with Company and select a password and user name (“Company User ID”).
You shall provide Company with accurate, complete, and updated
registration information. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of
this Agreement, which may result in immediate termination of your
account. You may not (i) select or use as a Company User ID a name of
another person with the intent to impersonate that person; or (ii) use
as a Company User ID a name subject to any rights of a person other than
you without appropriate authorization. Company reserves the right to
refuse registration of or cancel a Company User ID in its discretion.
You shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
password.

#### 7. Indemnity

You will indemnify and hold Company, its parents, subsidiaries,
affiliates, officers, suppliers, licensors, and employees harmless
(including, without limitation, from all damages, liabilities,
settlements, costs and attorneys’ fees) from any claim or demand made by
any third party due to or arising out of your access to the Services,
use of the Services, your violation of this Agreement, or the
infringement by you or any third party using your account of any
intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.

#### 8. Limitation of Liability

IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY OR ITS SUPPLIERS, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE
OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO THE
WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES OR THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER
ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR
EQUITABLE THEORY (I) FOR ANY AMOUNT IN THE AGGREGATE IN EXCESS OF THE
GREATER OF \$100 OR THE FEES PAID BY YOU THEREFOR DURING THE 12-MONTH
PERIOD PRECEDING THE APPLICABLE CLAIM; (II) FOR ANY INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER;
(III) FOR DATA LOSS OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; OR (IV) FOR ANY MATTER BEYOND COMPANY’S REASONABLE CONTROL.

#### 9. Fees, Billing, and Payment

**Paid Services:** Certain of our Services may be subject to payments
now or in the future (the “Paid Services”). Currently, access to and
participation in Paid Services (other than in connection with an
Influencer Plus campaign) are subject to separate written agreements
between you and Company, and you shall not be entitled to receive any
Paid Services (other than in connection with a Influencer Plus campaign)
in the absence of such an agreement. In the event of a conflict between
the terms of this Agreement and any such written agreement, the terms of
such other written agreement shall control. Any fees paid to Company in
connection with this Agreement are non-refundable.

**Influencer Plus Fees:** With respect to each campaign in which you
participate through iplus.co (“Influencer Plus”), you will be eligible
to receive compensation for videos, social posts, or other content
(collectively, Influencer Plus Content) that you create, post and/or
upload in accordance with Company’s normal policies regarding producer
compensation and payment, and in accordance with any and all payment
terms set forth on the Website or in an applicable campaign brief.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other
agreement between you and Company, you will not be eligible to receive
payment for any videos that you create or other services or content you
provide as part of Influencer Plus if you have engaged in any act or
omission that violates this Agreement or any other terms applicable to
you in connection with the Services or any Influencer Plus campaign, or
if you engage in any act or omission that negatively affects Company,
the Services, or anyone advertising (or preparing to advertise) through
the Services, and to the extent that such acts or omissions occur after
you have been paid by the Company, Company reserves the right to claw
back such paid amounts from you. Company reserves the right to remove
Influencer Plus Content you upload for any Influencer Plus campaign(s)
at any time in its sole discretion, and in such event, you will not be
eligible for payment for such campaign(s). Payment for Influencer Plus
campaigns will be made within sixty (60) days after the end of the month
in which the campaign was completed or such other time frame as may be
specified on the Website or in an applicable campaign brief. Company
will make such payments through the payment method mutually agreed upon
by the parties in writing, or such other payment method as Company may
choose in its reasonable discretion.

#### 10. Third Party Websites

The Services may contain links to third party websites or services
(“Third Party Websites”) that are not owned or controlled by Company, or
the Services may be accessible by logging in through a Third Party
Website, as described more fully in our Privacy Policy. When you access
Third Party Websites, you do so at your own risk. You hereby represent
and warrant that you have read and agree to be bound by all applicable
policies of any Third Party Websites relating to your use of the
Services (“Third Party Policies”) and that you will act in accordance
with those policies, in addition to your obligations under this
Agreement. To the extent there is a conflict between any term in the
Third Party Policies and this Agreement, the term in the Third Party
Policies shall take precedence. Company has no control over, and assumes
no responsibility for, the content, services, accuracy, privacy
policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any Third Party
Websites. In addition, Company will not and cannot monitor, verify,
censor or edit the content of any Third Party Website. Company may
modify or discontinue your use of, or access to, the Third Party
Websites, or any content or services available thereunder, at any time
in its sole absolute discretion with or without notice to you.

By using the Services, you expressly relieve and hold harmless Company
from any and all liability arising from your use of any Third Party
Website. Except as described below, your interactions with organizations
and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment
and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions,
warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely
between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You should make
whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before
proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these
third parties. You agree that Company shall not be responsible or liable
for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such
dealings. If there is a dispute between participants on this site, or
between users and any third party, you understand and agree that Company
is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have a
dispute with one or more other users, you hereby release Company, its
officers, employees, agents, and successors in rights from claims,
demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature,
known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed,
arising out of or in any way related to such disputes. If you are a
California resident, you shall and hereby do waive California Civil Code
Section 1542, which says: “A general release does not extend to claims
which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the
time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have
materially affected his settlement with the debtor.”

Company may, solely on behalf of certain Third Party Websites, process
and facilitate payment to you of any amounts owed to you by such Third
Party Websites (“Third Party Payments”). By entering into this
Agreement, you authorize Company to process and facilitate the Third
Party Payments to you. Such payments shall be made within sixty (60)
days after Company receives such Third Party Payments from the
respective Third Party Website. Company will make such payments through
the payment method mutually agreed upon by the parties in writing, or
such other payment method as Company may choose in its reasonable
discretion. You acknowledge and agree that Company shall have no
responsibility or liability for failure to facilitate the Third Party
Payments to you if such failure is due to the respective Third Party
Website’s failure to properly remit the Third Party Payments to Company.
In the event your use of, or access to, the Services is terminated
(whether initiated by you or Company), your use of, or access to, the
Third Party Websites shall also cease, and Company shall have no
responsibility or liability related to pending Third Party Payments owed
to you from the respective Third Party Website. In the event of such
termination, you shall be solely responsible for contacting the
respective Third Party Website to provide updated contact and payment
information such that you would receive such pending Third Party
Payments directly from the respective Third Party Website.

#### 11. Social Media Services

To use the Services and/or avail yourself of certain paid campaigns
including Influencer Plus, you may be required to log in to certain
online third party social media services, such as Twitter, Facebook,
Vine or Instagram ("Social Media Services"). For the avoidance of doubt,
you will provide such login information directly to the applicable
Social Media Services and not to Company. As part of the integration of
the Social Media Services into the Services, the Social Media Services
will provide Company with access to certain information about your use
of such Social Media Services in order to provide the Services, and we
will use, store and disclose such information in accordance with these
Terms of Use and the Influencer Plus Privacy Policy at (hyperlink) and,
if and to the extent applicable, the policies of such Social Media
Services.

#### 12. Termination

This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect while you use the
Services. You may terminate your use of the Services at any time.
Company may terminate or suspend your access to the Services or your
membership at any time, for any reason, and without warning, which may
result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated
with your membership. Company may also terminate or suspend any and all
Services and access to the Website immediately, without prior notice or
liability, if you breach any of the terms or conditions of this
Agreement. Upon termination of your account, your right to use the
Services, access the Website, and any Content will immediately cease.
All provisions of this Agreement which, by their nature, should survive
termination, shall survive termination, including, without limitation,
ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of
liability.

#### 13. Miscellaneous

The failure of either party to exercise, in any respect, any right
provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights
hereunder. Company shall not be liable for any failure to perform its
obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond
Company’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical,
electronic or communications failure or degradation (including
“line-noise” interference). If any provision of this Agreement is found
to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or
eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall
otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This
Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except
with Company’s prior written consent. Company may transfer, assign or
delegate this Agreement and its rights and obligations without consent.
Both parties agree that this Agreement is the complete and exclusive
statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and
cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and
other understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement
(provided that if a separate written agreement with respect to Company
products or services exists between you and Company, the terms and
conditions of that written agreement shall take precedence over this
Agreement in the event of any conflict), and that all modifications must
be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided
herein. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created
as a result of this Agreement and you do not have any authority of any
kind to bind Company in any respect whatsoever. Headings for each
section have been included above for your convenience, but such headings
do not have any legal meaning, and may not accurately reflect the
content of the provisions they precede.

#### 14. Arbitration; Governing Law

This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws
provisions thereof. Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject
matter of this Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration in Los
Angeles County, California, using the English language in accordance
with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of Judicial
Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (“JAMS”) then in effect, by one
commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving
intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who shall be
selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance
with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS. Judgment
upon the award so rendered may be entered in a court having
jurisdiction, or application may be made to such court for judicial
acceptance of any award and an order of enforcement, as the case may be.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party shall have the right to
institute an action in a court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or
other equitable relief pending a final decision by the arbitrator. For
all purposes of this Agreement, the parties consent to exclusive
jurisdiction and venue in the United States Federal Courts located in
the Central District of California.

#### 15. Copyright Dispute Policy

Company has adopted the following general policy toward copyright
infringement in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act or
DMCA (posted at http://www.lcweb.loc.gov/copyright/legislation/dmca.pdf).
The address of Company’s Designated Agent to Receive Notification of
Claimed Infringement (“Designated Agent”) is listed at the end of this
Section. It is Company’s policy to (1) block access to or remove material
that it believes in good faith to be copyrighted material that has been
illegally copied and distributed by any of our advertisers, affiliates,
content providers, members or users; and (2) remove and discontinue
service to repeat offenders.

**Procedure for Reporting Copyright Infringements:**

If you believe that material or content residing on or accessible
through the Services infringes a copyright, please send a notice of
copyright infringement containing the following information to the
Designated Agent listed below: 1. A physical or electronic signature of
a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that
has been allegedly infringed; 2. Identification of works or materials
being infringed; 3. Identification of the material that is claimed to be
infringing including information regarding the location of the
infringing materials that the copyright owner seeks to have removed,
with sufficient detail so that Company is capable of finding and
verifying its existence; 4. Contact information about the notifier
including address, telephone number and, if available, email address; 5.
A statement that the notifier has a good faith belief that the material
identified in (3) is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent,
or the law; and 6. A statement made under penalty of perjury that the
information provided is accurate and the notifying party is authorized
to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner.

**Once Proper Bona Fide Infringement Notification is Received by the
Designated Agent:**

**It is Company’s policy:**

1\. To remove or disable access to the infringing material; 2. To notify
the content provider, member or user that it has removed or disabled
access to the material; and 3. That repeat offenders will have the
infringing material removed from the system and that Company will
terminate such content provider’s, member’s or user’s access to the
Services.

**Procedure to Supply a Counter-Notice to the Designated Agent:**

If the content provider, member or user believes that the material that
was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or the
content provider, member or user believes that it has the right to post
and use such material from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s
agent, or, pursuant to the law, the content provider, member, or user,
must send a counter-notice containing the following information to the
Designated Agent listed below: 1. A physical or electronic signature of
the content provider, member or user; 2. Identification of the material
that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the
location at which the material appeared before it was removed or
disabled; 3. A statement that the content provider, member or user has a
good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result
of mistake or misidentification of the material; and 4. Content
provider’s, member’s or user’s name, address, telephone number, and, if
available, email address, and a statement that such person or entity
consents to the jurisdiction of the Federal Court for the judicial
district in which the content provider’s, member’s or user’s address is
located, or, if the content provider’s, member’s or user’s address is
located outside the United States, for any judicial district in which
Company is located, and that such person or entity will accept service
of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged
infringement.

If a counter-notice is received by the Designated Agent, Company may
send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party
informing that person that Company may replace the removed material or
cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files
an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or
user, the removed material may be replaced or access to it restored in
10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at
Company’s discretion.

Please contact Company’s Designated Agent to Receive Notification of
Claimed Infringement at the following address: Fullscreen, Inc., Attn:
Copyright Agent, 9336 Washington Blvd Building K, Culver City, CA 90232

#### 16. Contact

If you have any questions, complaints, or claims with respect to the
Services, you may contact us at:

```
Fullscreen, Inc.
9336 Washington Blvd Building K
Culver City, CA 90232
```

Email: [support@fullscreen.net](mailto:support@fullscreen.net)



# FULLSCREEN GUIDELINES FOR ENDORSERS + INFLUENCERS

These guidelines apply to all advertising, sponsorship, and promotion
campaigns (collectively, “Campaigns”) taking place within the Fullscreen
network, including any Influencer Plus campaigns or YouTube videos that
you produce, appear in, or promote on behalf of third party advertisers
or brands.

These guidelines apply to you whenever you receive a gift of any value
as part of a Campaign, whether a cash payment, a free product, or an
invitation to a special event.

The goal of these guidelines is to ensure that your YouTube and social
media audiences have a clear understanding about where these Campaigns
originated from and your connection to them.

It’s up to you how you choose to disclose your connection with these
Campaigns, but the disclosure must be clear and obvious to your
audience. We recommend the following guidelines:

#### YouTube Videos

For sponsored videos that you produce or appear in, include:

- “Sponsored Video” within the first three lines of the “About” field
so it is visible.

For Influencer Plus Campaigns, include:

- “Sponsored Video” or “Sponsored Message from [sponsor’s name]” within
the first three lines of the “About” field so it is visible.
- Please also pay particular attention to any specific directions
appearing on the respective Influencer Plus Campaign page.

#### Twitter, Facebook, or Similar Platforms

- When promoting video content which you do not appear in, begin your
promotion with the word “Ad” or “PaidPromo”. For example, you might
say “Ad: Check out this incredible new video from [brand with link]!”

Finally, whenever you do participate in a Campaign, please remember to
share only your honest experiences and refrain from misleading or
offensive content.


# Prior Versions

We store this document and prior versions on GitHub, which will allow
you to compare different versions and see what terms have changed.
https://github.com/Fullscreen/Policy


*Last Update: December 16, 2014*
